README.md, before:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v2-blue.svg)](https://gitlab.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/-/blob/master/COPYING)

# xfce4-panel


The Xfce Panel is part of the Xfce Desktop Environment and features 
application launchers, panel menus, a workspace switcher and more. Many 
aspects of the panel can be configured through the GUI, but also by GTK+ 
style properties and hidden Xfconf settings.

----

### Homepage

[Xfce4-panel documentation](https://docs.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/start)

### Changelog

See [NEWS](https://gitlab.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/-/blob/master/NEWS) for details on changes and fixes made in the current release.

### Source Code Repository

[Xfce4-panel source code](https://gitlab.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel)

### Download a Release Tarball

[Xfce4-panel archive](https://archive.xfce.org/src/xfce/xfce4-panel)
    or
[Xfce4-panel tags](https://gitlab.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/-/tags)

### Installation

From source: 

    % cd xfce4-panel
    % ./autogen.sh
    % make
    % make install

From release tarball:

    % tar xf xfce4-panel-<version>.tar.bz2
    % cd xfce4-panel-<version>
    % ./configure
    % make
    % make install

### Reporting Bugs

Visit the [reporting bugs](https://docs.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/bugs) page to view currently open bug reports and instructions on reporting new bugs or submitting bugfixes.

Commit message:

pager: add hacky i3 compatibility
Only display the workspaces on the current monitor,
and always use i3 workspace names - not the xfce ones.

README.md, after:

## This fork

The pager plugin was modified to integrate with i3. On multi monitor
setups it shows only the workspaces pinned to each monitor. It also
changes workspace names to those from i3.

---

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v2-blue.svg)](https://gitlab.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/-/blob/master/COPYING)

# xfce4-panel

## Original contents:

The Xfce Panel is part of the Xfce Desktop Environment and features
application launchers, panel menus, a workspace switcher and more. Many
aspects of the panel can be configured through the GUI, but also by GTK+
style properties and hidden Xfconf settings.

----

### Homepage

[Xfce4-panel documentation](https://docs.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/start)

### Changelog

See [NEWS](https://gitlab.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/-/blob/master/NEWS) for details on changes and fixes made in the current release.

### Source Code Repository

[Xfce4-panel source code](https://gitlab.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel)

### Download a Release Tarball

[Xfce4-panel archive](https://archive.xfce.org/src/xfce/xfce4-panel)
    or
[Xfce4-panel tags](https://gitlab.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/-/tags)

### Installation

From source:

    % cd xfce4-panel
    % ./autogen.sh
    % make
    % make install

From release tarball:

    % tar xf xfce4-panel-<version>.tar.bz2
    % cd xfce4-panel-<version>
    % ./configure
    % make
    % make install

### Reporting Bugs

Visit the [reporting bugs](https://docs.xfce.org/xfce/xfce4-panel/bugs) page to view currently open bug reports and instructions on reporting new bugs or submitting bugfixes.
